Improved docs (#126)
galaxyproject/total-perspective-vortex: docs/topics/inner_workings.rst

##############
Inner workings
##############

Types of objects
================

Conceptually, TPV consists of the following types of objects.

1. **Entities** - An entity is anything that will be considered for scheduling

> by TPV. Entities include Tools, Users, Groups, Rules and Destinations.

Reviewer: is this true of Groups?

Author: By Groups, I meant Roles, so I guess it might be better to rename it?

> by TPV. Entities include Tools, Users, Groups, Rules and Destinations.

Author: ```suggestion
by TPV. Entities include Tools, Users, Roles, Rules and Destinations.
```

All entities have some common properties (id, cores, mem, env, params,
and scheduling tags).

2. **Scheduling Tags** - Entities can have scheduling tags defined on them that determine which
entities match up, and which destination they can schedule on. Tags fall into one of four categories,

> (required, preferred, accepted, rejected), ranging from indicating a requirement for a particular destination,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(require, prefer, accept, reject), ranging from indicating a requirement for a particular destination,
```
